README.md, before:

<img src="Images/Logo/icons8-World_Map_100.png"  alt="logo" title="CountryInfo.Net" align="right" height="60" />

# CountryInfo.Net

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/n2vy488de8trq5c5?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/vertigra/countryinfo-net)

## How to use

### Code ISO 3166-1 alpha-2
Use the **Cca2** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 alpha-2**. The name of the country is written in the commentary:

![cca2_select_country](Images/Content/cca2_select_country.png)

### Code ISO 3166-1 numeric
Use the **Ccn3** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 numeric**.

```c#
Console.WriteLine("Country code " + Ccn3.Bahrain + " is " + (int)Ccn3.Bahrain)
Console.WriteLine("Country code " + Ccn3.Bahrain + " is " + ((int)Ccn3.Bahrain).ToString("000"));

/* Output:
   Country code Bahrain is 48
   Country code Bahrain is 048
*/

```

### Code ISO 3166-1 alpha-3
Use the **Cca3** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 alpha-3**. The name of the country is written in the commentary:

![cca3_select_country](Images/Content/cca3_select_country.png)


## Thanks

The logo is provided by the site [icons8.com](https://icons8.com/)

Commit message:

Added code International Olympic Committee

README.md, after:

<img src="Images/Logo/icons8-World_Map_100.png"  alt="logo" title="CountryInfo.Net" align="right" height="60" />

# CountryInfo.Net

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/n2vy488de8trq5c5?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/vertigra/countryinfo-net)

## How to use

### Code ISO 3166-1 alpha-2
Use the **Cca2** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 alpha-2**. The name of the country is written in the commentary:

![cca2_select_country](Images/Content/cca2_select_country.png)

### Code ISO 3166-1 numeric
Use the **Ccn3** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 numeric**.

```c#
Console.WriteLine("Country code " + Ccn3.Bahrain + " is " + (int)Ccn3.Bahrain)
Console.WriteLine("Country code " + Ccn3.Bahrain + " is " + ((int)Ccn3.Bahrain).ToString("000"));

/* Output:
   Country code Bahrain is 48
   Country code Bahrain is 048
*/

```

### Code ISO 3166-1 alpha-3
Use the **Cca3** enumeration to get the country code **ISO 3166-1 alpha-3**. The name of the country is written in the commentary:

![cca3_select_country](Images/Content/cca3_select_country.png)

### Code International Olympic Committee
Use the **Cioc** enumeration to get the country code **International Olympic Committee**. The name of the country is written in the commentary:


## Thanks

The logo is provided by the site [icons8.com](https://icons8.com/)
